Updates docs for enabling FDA for the Endgame sensor (#3565)
elastic/security-docs: docs/getting-started/endgame-sensor-FDA-ven.asciidoc

Here are the following Full Disk Access requirements for specific versions of macOS:

- `10.15`: You cannot install the sensor without allowing it to load a <<kernel-ext-approval-endgame, kernel extension>>. During installation, you'll be prompted to go to System Preferences and approve it. Upon approval, installation proceeds.

- `11.0`, `12.0`: You cannot install the sensor without allowing it to load a <<system-extension, system extension>>. During installation, you'll be prompted to go to System Preferences and approve it. Upon approval, a second prompt appears to enable Network Filtering. Approve this final prompt to proceed.
+
You must also grant Full Disk Access to `com.endgame.systemextension`.

- `10.15, 11.0, 12.0`: Grant the <<endpoint-endgame-sensor, esensor file>> Full Disk Access.

NOTE: The following instructions apply to the Endgame sensor only. To see requirements for the {elastic-endpoint}, refer to <<deploy-elastic-endpoint>>.

[discrete]
[[kernel-ext-approval-endgame-ven]]
== Approve the kernel extension for the Endgame sensor

> For endpoints running macOS Mojave (10.14) and earlier, the Endgame sensor will attempt to load a kernel extension (as opposed to a system extension) during installation. This kernel extension is required to provide insight into system events such as process events, file system events, and network events. The following prompt appears during installation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For endpoints running macOS 10.15, the Endgame sensor will attempt to load a kernel extension (as opposed to a system extension) during installation. This kernel extension is required to provide insight into system events such as process events, file system events, and network events. The following prompt appears during installation:
```

--
image::images/fda/sys-ext-blocked.png[System extension blocked]
--

To approve the extension:

. Click *Open Security Preferences*.
. In the lower-left corner of the pane, click the **Lock button**, then enter your credentials to authenticate.
. Click *Allow* to load the kernel extension.
+
--
image::images/fda/allow-kernel-ext.png[Allow kernel extension]
--
+

If the prompt does not appear, enable the extension by doing the following:

. Open a Terminal application.
. Enter `kextload /Library/Extension/kendpoint.kext`. Prepend the command with `sudo` if necessary.

> You should receive an output similar to `149    0 0xffffff7f82e7b000 0x21000    0x21000    co.elastic.kendpoint (7.11.0) BD152A57-ABD3-370A-BBE8-D15A0FCBD19A <6 5 2 1>`. If you receive this output, the kernel extension is enabled.

Reviewer: It'll be easier to read if this is on a separate line:
`149    0 0xffffff7f82e7b000 0x21000    0x21000    co.elastic.kendpoint (7.11.0) BD152A57-ABD3-370A-BBE8-D15A0FCBD19A <6 5 2 1>`
Same comment for the corresponding line in `endgame-sensor-FDA.asciidoc`

Author: Made this change in both places in [ca7dc58](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/3565/commits/ca7dc5896f91b6541a9c2bdaa8c6b012b531795e).

[discrete]
[[system-extension-ven]]
== Approve the system extension for the Endgame sensor

> To fully protect endpoints from malware and other cybersecurity threats when using Elastic Endgame with system extensions, you must enable Full Disk Access for the system extension during installation on macOS Big Sur (11.0) and later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fully protect endpoints from malware and other cybersecurity threats when using Elastic Endgame with system extensions, you must enable the system extension during installation on macOS Big Sur (11.0) and later.
```

When you receive the prompt to approve loading the system extension:

. Open the *System Settings* application.
. Select *Privacy & Security*.

> . In the right pane, scroll down to the Security section. Click **Allow** to allow the ElasticEndpoint system extension to load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the right pane, scroll down to the Security section. Click **Allow** to allow the Endgame system extension to load.
```
I believe we should replace ElasticEndpoint in this document with Endgame but I'm unsure of the latest changes. I suggest to confirm with @matthewscherer and @ricardoungureanu for the Endgame related strings. Same comment applies for `endgame-sensor-FDA.asciidoc`

Reviewer 2: I agree with @Trinity2019, this page should not mention anything about endpoint, the screenshots need to be updated

Author: Before merge this, @nastasha-solomon will verify if "Elastic" is required before Endgame.

Author: Verified with @jmikell821 that we should be using the full product name (Elastic Endgame) in all instances. Made this change in [402f8e0](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/3565/commits/402f8e0a5a1602ca3a083c78743078a4d4d2f977).

+
image::fda/allow_sys_ext_endgame-sen-ven.png[]
+
. Enter your username and password and click Modify Settings to save your changes.

[discrete]
[[allow-network-filter-content-ven]]

> == Approve network content filtering for {elastic-endpoint}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Approve network content filtering for {endgame}
```
cc @matthewscherer and @ricardoungureanu . I'm unsure of the endgame string and don't have a macOS environment to test.

Reviewer 2: Agree with the change

Author: Making a slight modification because the text inside the curly brackets is an attribute (variable) and we don't have a variable for the Endgame product name.

```suggestion
== Approve network content filtering for Endgame
```

Author: @jmikell821 what are our guidelines for using the Endgame product name? Do we need to include `Elastic` before it (e.g., `Elastic Endgame`)? Are there any instances when it's acceptable to only use `Endgame`?

> After successfully loading the ElasticEndpoint system extension, an additional message appears, asking to allow {elastic-endpoint} to filter network content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After successfully loading the ElasticEndpoint system extension, an additional message appears, asking to allow {elastic-endpoint} to filter network content.
```
```suggestion
After successfully loading the Endgame system extension, an additional message appears, asking to allow {elastic-endpoint} to filter network content.
```
I believe we should replace `ElasticEndpoint` in this document with `Endgame` but I'm unsure of the latest changes. I suggest to confirm with @matthewscherer and @ricardoungureanu for the Endgame related strings. same for `endgame-sensor-FDA.asciidoc`

[role="screenshot"]
image::install-endpoint-ven/allow_network_filter_ven.png[]

> Click *Allow* to enable content filtering for the ElasticEndpoint system extension. Without this approval, {elastic-endpoint} cannot receive network events and, therefore, cannot enable network-related features such as <<host-isolation-ov, host isolation>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click *Allow* to enable content filtering for the Endgame system extension. Without this approval, {elastic-endpoint} cannot receive network events and, therefore, cannot enable network-related features such as <<host-isolation-ov, host isolation>>.
```
cc @matthewscherer @ricardoungureanu

[[endgame-sensor-full-disk-access-ven]]
= Enable Full Disk Access for the Endgame sensor on macOS Ventura and higher

:frontmatter-description: Manually install and deploy Elastic Endgame on macOS Ventura and higher.
:frontmatter-tags-products: [security]
:frontmatter-tags-content-type: [how-to]
:frontmatter-tags-user-goals: [secure] 

If your solution includes Elastic Endgame, it requires Full Disk Access to protect you from malware and other cybersecurity threats. Full Disk Access permissions is a privacy feature that controls which applications can access your data. This means you need to manually enable Full Disk Access permission for the Endgame sensor to access these protected areas of your Mac.

[discrete]
[[macos-permissions-ven]]
== macOS permissions

The behavior of the Endgame sensor differs based on your macOS version. MDM/Jamf users can pre-approve all Full Disk Access without granting permission to the sensor. However, depending on the macOS version and sensor type, non-MDM/Jamf users may be prompted to enable Full Disk Access for required security files.

Here are the following Full Disk Access requirements for specific versions of macOS:

> - `10.15`: You cannot install the sensor without allowing it to load a <<kernel-ext-approval-endgame, kernel extension>>. During installation, you'll be prompted to go to System Preferences and approve it. Upon approval, installation proceeds.

Author: Confirmed with @ricardoungureanu that we don't need this information for Ventura. Can remove.

```suggestion
```

> - `11.0`, `12.0`: You cannot install the sensor without allowing it to load a <<system-extension, system extension>>. During installation, you'll be prompted to go to System Preferences and approve it. Upon approval, a second prompt appears to enable Network Filtering. Approve this final prompt to proceed.

Author: Ventura is ver 13, so don't need 11 and 12 (these will be in the other topic for older OS').

```suggestion
- `13.0` and above: You cannot install the sensor without allowing it to load a <<system-extension, system extension>>. During installation, you'll be prompted to go to System Preferences and approve it. Upon approval, a second prompt appears to enable Network Filtering. Approve this final prompt to proceed.
```

+
You must also grant Full Disk Access to `com.endgame.systemextension`.

> - `10.15, 11.0, 12.0`: Grant the <<endpoint-endgame-sensor, esensor file>> Full Disk Access.

Author: ```suggestion
- `13` and above: Grant the <<endpoint-endgame-sensor, esensor file>> Full Disk Access.
```

NOTE: The following instructions apply to the Endgame sensor only. To see requirements for the {elastic-endpoint}, refer to <<deploy-elastic-endpoint>>.

> [discrete]

Author: Remove the section "Approve the kernel extension for the Endgame sensor" from this file. Don't need it for Ventura.

Author: Removed in [f29d871](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/3565/commits/f29d8710fcb5ee6c14bf0677d51168d581022e57).

[[kernel-ext-approval-endgame-ven]]
== Approve the kernel extension for the Endgame sensor

For endpoints running macOS 10.15, the Endgame sensor will attempt to load a kernel extension (as opposed to a system extension) during installation. This kernel extension is required to provide insight into system events such as process events, file system events, and network events. The following prompt appears during installation:

--

> image::images/fda/sys-ext-blocked.png[System extension blocked]

Author: Leaving a note for myself that I might need to replace this with a Ventura-specific screenshot.

cc: @Trinity2019

Author: Thanks for checking this, @ricardoungureanu! Just to make sure I'm understanding you, are you saying that users only need to approve the Endgame sensor kernel extension if they're on _**macOS Catalina though Monterey**_? If that's the case, I'll need to remove this section (lines [29](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/3565/files#diff-dcaa61fd73dd362c8a03ec95c8585b730ea161d9bea3de8ccd94887b5c73f0c7R29)-[57](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/3565/files#diff-dcaa61fd73dd362c8a03ec95c8585b730ea161d9bea3de8ccd94887b5c73f0c7R57)) and the reference to this section (line [19](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/3565/files#diff-dcaa61fd73dd362c8a03ec95c8585b730ea161d9bea3de8ccd94887b5c73f0c7R19)) from the `endgame-sensor-FDA-ven.asciidoc` file. (The `endgame-sensor-FDA-ven.asciidoc` file describes how to give FDA to the Endgame sensor if you're on macOs Ventura.)

Reviewer 2: Yes, we can remove it the `Approve the kernel extension for the Endgame sensor` section from the `Ventura or higher Page`

Author: Resolved in [f29d871](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/3565/commits/f29d8710fcb5ee6c14bf0677d51168d581022e57).

--

To approve the extension:

> . Click *Open Security Preferences*.

Author: Note to self: Will only need to merge these changes if users still need to approve the Endgame sensor kernel extension when they're on macOS Ventura and higher.

```suggestion
. Click *Open System Setttings*.
```

Author: No longer need to make this change because am removing the "Approve the kernel extension for the Endgame sensor" section from this file.

> . In the lower-left corner of the pane, click the **Lock button**, then enter your credentials to authenticate.

Author: Same comment as above. 

```suggestion
. In the left pane, click the **Privacy & Security**.
```

> . Click *Allow* to load the kernel extension.

Author: Same comment as above.

```suggestion
. On the right pane, scroll down to the Security section. Click *Allow* to load the kernel extension.
```

Author: No longer need to make this change because am removing the "Approve the kernel extension for the Endgame sensor" section from this file.

+
--

> image::images/fda/allow-kernel-ext.png[Allow kernel extension]

Author: Leaving a note for myself that I might need to replace this with a Ventura-specific screenshot.

cc: @Trinity2019

--
+

If the prompt does not appear, enable the extension by doing the following:

. Open a Terminal application.
. Enter `kextload /Library/Extension/kendpoint.kext`. Prepend the command with `sudo` if necessary. You will receive an output that's similar to the one below:
+
`149    0 0xffffff7f82e7b000 0x21000    0x21000    co.elastic.kendpoint (7.11.0) BD152A57-ABD3-370A-BBE8-D15A0FCBD19A <6 5 2 1>`
+
If you receive this output, the kernel extension is enabled.

[discrete]
[[system-extension-ven]]
== Approve the system extension for the Endgame sensor

To fully protect endpoints from malware and other cybersecurity threats when using Elastic Endgame with system extensions, you must enable the system extension during installation on macOS Big Sur (11.0) and later.

> When you receive the prompt to approve loading the system extension:

Author: Addressed in [ecca7f8](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/3565/commits/ecca7f8b2a72922deb707a39c0baf091ca0eabd0).

. Open the *System Settings* application.
. Select *Privacy & Security*.
. In the right pane, scroll down to the Security section. Click **Allow** to allow the ElasticEndpoint system extension to load.
+

> image::fda/allow_sys_ext_endgame-sen-ven.png[]

Author: Need to refresh this screenshot. Ricardo provided screenshot in Slack (see third one).

Author: Resolved in [f32d557](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/3565/commits/f32d5574ca3b816f71666f3d308c271706571ea2).

+
. Enter your username and password and click Modify Settings to save your changes.

[discrete]
[[allow-network-filter-content-ven]]
== Approve network content filtering for Endgame

> After successfully loading the Endgame system extension, an additional message appears, asking to allow {elastic-endpoint} to filter network content.

Author: ```suggestion
After successfully loading the Endgame system extension, an additional message appears, asking to allow Endgame to filter network content.
```

[role="screenshot"]
image::fda/endgame_allow_network_filter_ven.png[]

> Click *Allow* to enable content filtering for the Endgame system extension. Without this approval, {elastic-endpoint} cannot receive network events and, therefore, cannot enable network-related features such as <<host-isolation-ov, host isolation>>.

Author: ```suggestion
Click *Allow* to enable content filtering for the Endgame system extension. Without this approval, Endgame cannot receive network events and, therefore, cannot enable network-related features such as <<host-isolation-ov, host isolation>>.
```

[role="screenshot"]
image::fda/endgame_allow_network_filter_ven.png[]

Click *Allow* to enable content filtering for the Endgame system extension. Without this approval, Endgame cannot receive network events and, therefore, cannot enable network-related features such as <<host-isolation-ov, host isolation>>.

[discrete]
[[endpoint-endgame-sensor-ven]]
== Enable Full Disk Access for the Endgame sensor

For the Endgame sensor to detect events from a macOS host, you must enable Full Disk Access for the `esensor` file, which appears once you've downloaded the sensor on your host.

. Open the *System Settings* application.
. Select *Privacy & Security*.
. From the right pane, select *Full Disk Access*.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::install-endpoint-ven/select_fda_ven.png[Select Full Disk Access]
+
. Click the *+* button to view *Finder*.
. The system may prompt you to enter your username and password if you haven't already.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::fda/endgame_enter_login_details_to_confirm_ven.png[]
+
. Navigate to `/Library/Endgame`, then select the `esensor` file.
. Click *Open*.

> . In the *Privacy* tab, confirm that the `elastic-agent` or `esensor` file appears in the list of applications with Full Disk Access permissions.

Author: @ricardoungureanu to clarify, are users automatically navigated to Privacy & Security -> Full Disk Access after they open the `esensor` file? If yes, this steps should actually be:

. In the Full Disk Access pane, confirm that the `co.endgame.systemextension` and `esensor` files are enabled.

> . In the *Privacy* tab, confirm that the `elastic-agent` or `esensor` file appears in the list of applications with Full Disk Access permissions.

Author: Also, I just want to confirm that, within the list of applications that have FDA, users would see `co.endgame.systemextension`, not `com.endgame` as displayed [here](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/3565#discussion_r1281696106).

> . In the *Privacy* tab, confirm that the `elastic-agent` or `esensor` file appears in the list of applications with Full Disk Access permissions.

Reviewer 2: > In the Full Disk Access pane, confirm that the co.endgame.systemextension and esensor files are enabled

Sounds good, as used already navigated to this pane a few steps earlier.

> Also, I just want to confirm that, within the list of applications that have FDA, users would see co.endgame.systemextension, not com.endgame as displayed https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/3565#discussion_r1281696106.

Correct, on older macOS versions the entire name was displayed

> . In the *Privacy* tab, confirm that the `elastic-agent` or `esensor` file appears in the list of applications with Full Disk Access permissions.

Author: Changed `co.endgame.systemextension` to `com.endgame` in [9167f71](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/3565/commits/9167f71e4b55b3c1517fbce9531f39d12b80e692)

> 

Reviewer 2: Add screenshot with the final result 
![Screenshot 2023-08-02 at 13 08 23](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/assets/81707160/b3a327c5-668b-4616-ab4f-5dcf5906f7b4)

Author: Thanks for this, @ricardoungureanu! I added it in [871892f](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/3565/commits/871892f19f42e3b567692c9690b49ae0bd8eab51).

:frontmatter-tags-user-goals: [secure] 

On macOS versions starting with Ventura, Elastic Endgame requires Full Disk Access to protect against malware and other cybersecurity threats. Full Disk Access permission is a privacy feature that controls which applications can access your data. This means you need to manually enable Full Disk Access permission for the Elastic Endgame sensor to access these protected areas of your Mac.

[discrete]
[[macos-permissions-ven]]
== macOS permissions

The behavior of the Elastic Endgame sensor differs based on your macOS version. MDM/Jamf users can pre-approve all Full Disk Access without granting permission to the sensor. However, depending on the macOS version and sensor type, non-MDM/Jamf users may be prompted to enable Full Disk Access for required security files.

Here are the Full Disk Access requirements for macOS versions 13.0 and above:

- Approve the <<system-extension-ven, system extension>> for the Elastic Endgame sensor. During installation, you’ll be prompted to go to System Preferences and approve the system extension. Upon approval, a second prompt appears to enable Network Filtering. Approve this final prompt to proceed.

> - Grant the <<endpoint-endgame-sensor, Elastic Endgame sensor>>  Full Disk Access.

Author: ```suggestion
- Grant the <<endpoint-endgame-sensor-ven, Elastic Endgame sensor>>  Full Disk Access.
```

[[endgame-sensor-full-disk-access-ven]]
= Enable Full Disk Access for the Elastic Endgame sensor on macOS Ventura and higher

:frontmatter-description: Manually install and deploy Elastic Endgame on macOS Ventura and higher.
:frontmatter-tags-products: [security]
:frontmatter-tags-content-type: [how-to]
:frontmatter-tags-user-goals: [secure] 

> If your solution includes Elastic Endgame, it requires Full Disk Access to protect you from malware and other cybersecurity threats. Full Disk Access permission is a privacy feature that controls which applications can access your data. This means you need to manually enable Full Disk Access permission for the Elastic Endgame sensor to access these protected areas of your Mac.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
On macOS versions starting with Ventura, Elastic Endgame requires Full Disk Access to protect against malware and other cybersecurity threats. Full Disk Access permission is a privacy feature that controls which applications can access your data. This means you need to manually enable Full Disk Access permission for the Elastic Endgame sensor to access these protected areas of your Mac.
```

> If your solution includes Elastic Endgame, it requires Full Disk Access to protect you from malware and other cybersecurity threats. Full Disk Access permissions is a privacy feature that controls which applications can access your data. This means you need to manually enable Full Disk Access permission for the Elastic Endgame sensor to access these protected areas of your Mac.

Author: ```suggestion
If your solution includes Elastic Endgame, it requires Full Disk Access to protect you from malware and other cybersecurity threats. Full Disk Access permission is a privacy feature that controls which applications can access your data. This means you need to manually enable Full Disk Access permission for the Elastic Endgame sensor to access these protected areas of your Mac.
```

[discrete]
[[macos-permissions-ven]]
== macOS permissions

The behavior of the Elastic Endgame sensor differs based on your macOS version. MDM/Jamf users can pre-approve all Full Disk Access without granting permission to the sensor. However, depending on the macOS version and sensor type, non-MDM/Jamf users may be prompted to enable Full Disk Access for required security files.

Here are the following Full Disk Access requirements for specific versions of macOS:

> - `13.0` and above: You cannot install the sensor without allowing it to load a <<system-extension, system extension>>. During installation, you'll be prompted to go to System Preferences and approve it. Upon approval, a second prompt appears to enable Network Filtering. Approve this final prompt to proceed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `13.0` and above: You cannot install the sensor without allowing it to load a <<system-extension, system extension>>. During installation, you'll be prompted to go to System Preferences and approve it. Upon approval, a second prompt appears to enable Network Filtering. Approve it to proceed.
```

+
You must also grant Full Disk Access to `com.endgame.systemextension`.

> - `13` and above: Grant the <<endpoint-endgame-sensor, esensor file>> Full Disk Access.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `13.0` and above: Grant the <<endpoint-endgame-sensor, esensor file>> Full Disk Access.
```

> - `13.0` and above: Grant the <<endpoint-endgame-sensor, esensor file>> Full Disk Access.

Author: Yeah, that could work. Are you thinking about something like the following?

Here are the Full Disk Access requirements for macOS versions `13.0` and above:

- Approve the system extension for the Elastic Endgame sensor. During installation, you’ll be prompted to go to System Preferences and approve the system extension. Upon approval, a second prompt appears to enable Network Filtering. Approve this final prompt to proceed.
- Grant the Elastic Endgame sensor Full Disk Access.

> - `13.0` and above: Grant the <<endpoint-endgame-sensor, esensor file>> Full Disk Access.

Reviewer 4: Yep, that sounds good!

> - `13.0` and above: Grant the <<endpoint-endgame-sensor, esensor file>> Full Disk Access.

Author: Addressed in [3ca3e80](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/3565/commits/3ca3e807300c7a01a7d0eabf7f676808c3abf4e8).

NOTE: The following instructions apply to the Elastic Endgame sensor only. To see requirements for the {elastic-endpoint}, refer to <<deploy-elastic-endpoint>>.

[discrete]
[[system-extension-ven]]
== Approve the system extension for the Elastic Endgame sensor

To fully protect endpoints from malware and other cybersecurity threats when using Elastic Endgame with system extensions, you must enable the system extension during installation on macOS Big Sur (11.0) and later.

When you receive the following prompt to approve loading the system extension:

> image::images/fda/endgame_sys-ext-blocked.png[System extension blocked]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

image::images/fda/endgame_sys-ext-blocked.png[System extension blocked]
```

This image isn't rendering currently

Author: This should be fixed!

> image::images/fda/endgame-sys-ext-blocked-ven.png[System extension blocked]

Author: Hm,possibly!

```suggestion

image::images/fda/endgame-sys-ext-blocked-ven.png[System extension blocked]
```

> . Open the *System Settings* application.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Open the *System Settings*.
```
If calling it an application is standard, please ignore me :)

[role="screenshot"]
image::fda/endgame_allow_network_filter_ven.png[]

Click *Allow* to enable content filtering for the Elastic Endgame system extension. Without this approval, Elastic Endgame cannot receive network events and, therefore, cannot enable network-related features such as <<host-isolation-ov, host isolation>>.

[discrete]
[[endpoint-endgame-sensor-ven]]
== Enable Full Disk Access for the Elastic Endgame sensor

For the Elastic Endgame sensor to detect events from a macOS host, you must enable Full Disk Access for the `esensor` file, which appears once you've downloaded the sensor on your host.

. Open the *System Settings* application.
. Select *Privacy & Security*.
. From the right pane, select *Full Disk Access*.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::install-endpoint-ven/select_fda_ven.png[Select Full Disk Access]
+
. Click the *+* button to view *Finder*.
. The system may prompt you to enter your username and password if you haven't already.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::fda/endgame_enter_login_details_to_confirm_ven.png[]
+
. Navigate to `/Library/Endgame`, then select the `esensor` file.
. Click *Open*.

> . In the *Privacy* tab, confirm that the `com.endgame` and `esensor` file appears in the list of applications with Full Disk Access permissions.

Author: ```suggestion
. In the *Privacy* tab, confirm that the `com.endgame` and `esensor` file appears in the list of applications with Full Disk Access permission.
```

> . In the *Privacy* tab, confirm that the `com.endgame` and `esensor` file appears in the list of applications with Full Disk Access permission.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. In the *Privacy* tab, confirm that the `com.endgame` and `esensor` files appear in the list of applications with Full Disk Access permission.
```

Reviewer 4: On line 22 we referred to `com.endgame.systemextension` – should the filenames match or are `com.endgame` and `com.endgame.systemextension` separate files?

Author: I believe they're separate files. @ricardoungureanu would you mind confirming?
